# Configuration

The backend, client and desktop-client must be configured. Some configuration-properties are mandatory and must be set to a correct/valid value, others are optional.

## Backend

The default configuration (configuration-scheme) is stored in `backend/src/config.js`. **DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!**

All available configuration-properties are described directly inside the `config.js` file or in [Backend Code/config](Backend_code/config) (generated from source).

To configure the backend you need to create a file named `config.custom.js` inside the same folder (`backend/src`). It should look like this:

```js
module.exports = {
    ldap: {
        url: 'ldaps://...',
        dn: '...',
        password: '...',
        base: '...',
        emailAttributes: ['mail', '...'],
        titleAttribute: 'title',
    },
    db: {
        name: 'some-other-name',
    },
    sessionToken: {
        privateKey: 'secret',
    },
};
```

The file needs to have the exact same structure as the configuration object inside the `config.js`  file. The configuration object needs to be exported as CommonJS module.

Every value you specify in your `config.custom.js` file will overwrite the default value. All properties that have a hint like *"Requires overwrite"* must be defined in this file (like `ldap.url`, `ldap.dn`, `sessionToken.privateKey`, ...).

## (Web-)Client

The default configuration (configuration-scheme) is stored in `client/src/config.js`. **DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!**

All available configuration-properties are described directly inside the `config.js` file or in [Client Code/config](Client_code/config) (generated from source).

To configure the client you need to create a file named `config.custom.js` inside the same folder (`client/src`). It should look like this:

```js
export const config = {
    api: {
        socketUrl: 'https://example.com:4898',
    },
    baseUrl: 'https://example.com/',
};
```

The file needs to have the exact same structure as the configuration object inside the `config.js`  file. The configuration object needs to be exported as ES6 module (as named export `config`).

Every value you specify in your `config.custom.js` file will overwrite the default value.

## Desktop-Client

Most of the configuration takes place in the (Web-)Client configuration (see above).

Before build one configuration must be set inside `client_desktop/src/config.js`. The URL where the final (Web-)Client will be hosted.

```js
module.exports = {
    deploymentURL: "https://table.example.com/",
};
```

